docs/self-hosting/platform/vercel.mdx, before:

---
title: Deploy Hermes Chat with Vercel
description: >-
  Learn how to deploy Hermes Chat on Vercel with ease. Follow the provided steps
  to prepare your OpenAI API Key, deploy the project, and start using it
  efficiently.
tags:
  - Deploy Hermes Chat
  - Vercel Deployment
  - OpenAI API Key
  - Custom Domain Binding
---

# Deploy Hermes Chat with Vercel

If you want to deploy Hermes Chat on Vercel, you can follow the steps below:

## Vercel Deployment Process

<Steps>
  ### Prepare your OpenAI API Key

  Go to [OpenAI API Key](https://platform.openai.com/account/api-keys) to get your OpenAI API Key.

  ### Click the button below to deploy

  [![](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Flobehub%2Flobe-chat\&env=OPENAI_API_KEY,ACCESS_CODE\&envDescription=Find%20your%20OpenAI%20API%20Key%20by%20click%20the%20right%20Learn%20More%20button.%20%7C%20Access%20Code%20can%20protect%20your%20website\&envLink=https%3A%2F%2Fplatform.openai.com%2Faccount%2Fapi-keys\&project-name=lobe-chat\&repository-name=lobe-chat)

  Simply log in with your GitHub account, and remember to fill in `OPENAI_API_KEY` (required) and `ACCESS_CODE` (recommended) in the environment variables page.

  ### After deployment, you can start using it

  ### Bind a custom domain (optional)

  Vercel's assigned domain DNS may be polluted in some regions, so binding a custom domain can establish a direct connection.
</Steps>

## Automatic Synchronization of Updates

If you have deployed your project using the one-click deployment steps mentioned above, you may find that you are always prompted with "updates available." This is because Vercel creates a new project for you by default instead of forking this project, which causes the inability to accurately detect updates.

<Callout>
  We recommend following the [Self-Hosting Upstream Sync](/docs/self-hosting/advanced/upstream-sync)
  steps to Redeploy.
</Callout>

Commit message:

:memo: document Hermes Labs scope migration updates

docs/self-hosting/platform/vercel.mdx, after:

---
title: Deploy Hermes Chat with Vercel
description: >-
  Learn how to deploy Hermes Chat on Vercel with ease. Follow the provided steps
  to prepare your OpenAI API Key, deploy the project, and start using it
  efficiently.
tags:
  - Deploy Hermes Chat
  - Vercel Deployment
  - OpenAI API Key
  - Custom Domain Binding
---

# Deploy Hermes Chat with Vercel

If you want to deploy Hermes Chat on Vercel, you can follow the steps below:

> \[!IMPORTANT] Hermes Labs Scope Migration
>
> - **Effective date:** 2025-03-31 – deployment templates now pull packages under the `@hermeslabs/*` scope to ensure consistency with the Hermes Labs registry.
> - **Compatibility window:** The legacy `@lobechat/*` Docker images and npm packages stay updated until 2025-09-30 for rollback or staggered region releases.
> - **Rollback path:** Use the [rebranding rollback flow](/docs/development/rebranding#rollback-strategy) and redeploy via Vercel’s "Redeploy" action with the prior commit to undo the scope migration.
> - **Breaking-change watch-outs:** Existing Vercel projects pinned to the `lobehub/lobe-chat` repository must update their Git integration to the new `hermeslabs/hermes-chat` repo before the compatibility window ends to avoid auto-deploy failures.

## Vercel Deployment Process

<Steps>
  ### Prepare your OpenAI API Key

  Go to [OpenAI API Key](https://platform.openai.com/account/api-keys) to get your OpenAI API Key.

  ### Click the button below to deploy

  [![](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fhermeslabs%2Fhermes-chat\&env=OPENAI_API_KEY,ACCESS_CODE\&envDescription=Find%20your%20OpenAI%20API%20Key%20by%20click%20the%20right%20Learn%20More%20button.%20%7C%20Access%20Code%20can%20protect%20your%20website\&envLink=https%3A%2F%2Fplatform.openai.com%2Faccount%2Fapi-keys\&project-name=hermes-chat\&repository-name=hermes-chat)

  Simply log in with your GitHub account, and remember to fill in `OPENAI_API_KEY` (required) and `ACCESS_CODE` (recommended) in the environment variables page.

  ### After deployment, you can start using it

  ### Bind a custom domain (optional)

  Vercel's assigned domain DNS may be polluted in some regions, so binding a custom domain can establish a direct connection.
</Steps>

## Automatic Synchronization of Updates

If you have deployed your project using the one-click deployment steps mentioned above, you may find that you are always prompted with "updates available." This is because Vercel creates a new project for you by default instead of forking this project, which causes the inability to accurately detect updates.

<Callout>
  We recommend following the [Self-Hosting Upstream Sync](/docs/self-hosting/advanced/upstream-sync)
  steps to Redeploy.
</Callout>
