docs/development/rebranding.md, before:

# Hermes Chat Rebranding Toolkit

The Hermes Chat automation suite standardizes how we migrate codebases from the
legacy **Hermes Chat / Hermes Labs** branding to modern Hermes-first language. The
workflow is intentionally repeatable so enterprise operators can roll forward or
roll back rebrands without manually touching thousands of strings.

## Overview

- **TypeScript CLI** – `scripts/rebrandHermesChat.ts` performs the actual
  replacements using a strongly typed, fully documented mapping catalog.
- **Shell wrapper** – `scripts/rebrand_hermes_chat.sh` injects canonical Hermes
  metadata and exposes a safe operator interface (dry-run support, forwarding
  extra flags, etc.).
- **Tests** – `tests/scripts/rebrandHermesChat.test.ts` provisions sandbox
  workspaces to ensure regression-free refactors before touching production
  repositories.

## Canonical constants

- Hermes Chat brand constants now live in `packages/const/src/branding.ts` and
  `packages/const/src/url.ts`. Any automation consuming historical Hermes Chat
  values must migrate to the Hermes equivalents before release promotion.
- The rebranding CLI now rewrites **kebab-case** (`lobe-chat` / `LOBE-CHAT`) and
  **snake_case** (`lobe_chat` / `LOBE_CHAT`) permutations so Docker services,
  Helm releases, and environment constants migrate without manual follow-up.
- Domain automation now also covers legacy `lobechat.com` (including
  `www.lobechat.com`) addresses so vanity links route through the new Hermes
  entrypoints without post-run edits.
- Raw asset download URLs rooted at
  `https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lobehub/lobe-chat` are rewritten to the
  Hermes CDN (falling back to the primary domain when no CDN is configured),
  preserving the branch/path suffix for deterministic migrations.
- The automation now standardizes both scoped package imports (`@lobehub/*` and
  `@lobechat/*`) and bare social handles. Scoped imports adopt the sanitized
  organization slug (or fall back to the short product name when no org is
  supplied) so npm installs remain routable, while bare `@lobechat` mentions map
  to the product short name for human-readable marketing copy.

## Usage

### Quick start

Run the orchestrator from the repository root:

```bash
./scripts/rebrand_hermes_chat.sh --dry-run
```

The defaults ship Hermes Chat metadata and perform a dry run so you can review
logs without modifying files. Remove `--dry-run` once you are confident in the
output.

### Customizing metadata

All brand attributes can be overridden through environment variables or by
passing additional flags after `--`:

```bash
BRAND_NAME="Hermes Chat X" BRAND_DOMAIN="hermesx.chat" \
  ./scripts/rebrand_hermes_chat.sh -- \
  --metadata-file path/to/brand.json
```

The JSON schema matches the `BrandMetadata` interface inside the TypeScript CLI.
Only provide keys you want to override; unspecified values inherit the Hermes
baseline.

### Direct CLI invocation

Advanced operators can bypass the shell wrapper entirely:

```bash
bunx tsx scripts/rebrandHermesChat.ts \
  --workspace /tmp/project \
  --brand-name "Hermes Chat" \
  --brand-domain hermes.chat \
  --support-email support@hermes.chat \
  --support-url https://hermes.chat/support \
  --contact-email hello@hermes.chat \
  --asset-logo /assets/hermes-chat/logo.svg \
  --asset-favicon /assets/hermes-chat/favicon.svg \
  --asset-wordmark /assets/hermes-chat/wordmark.svg
```

### Logging and monitoring

- Every run prints a per-rule replacement breakdown to make auditing trivial.
- Dry runs emit a conspicuous warning reminding operators that no files were
  written.
- Verbose logs can be enabled by forwarding `-- --verbose` via the shell
  wrapper.

## Safeguards

1. **Dry-run default** – Always preview changes before mutating a customer
   repository.
2. **Binary detection** – The CLI ignores binary files and non-text extensions
   to avoid corrupting assets.
3. **Scoped globbing** – Vendor directories (`node_modules`, build outputs, etc.)
   are skipped to reduce runtime and risk.
4. **Strong typing** – The rebranding matrix is encoded with explicit interfaces
   and explanatory comments for long-term maintainability.

## Rollback strategy

If a run produces undesirable results:

1. Use `git status` to inspect modified files.
2. Revert selectively with `git checkout -- <file>` or globally with `git
reset --hard HEAD` if you have no other local work.
3. Rerun the script with corrected metadata (dry run first) to validate the
   fix.
4. Commit only after integration tests (`bunx vitest ...`) succeed.

## Testing checklist

Before merging or promoting to staging, execute:

```bash
bunx vitest run --silent='passed-only' 'tests/scripts/rebrandHermesChat.test.ts'
```

This ensures the automation continues to cover key text-based assets such as
constants, docs, and locale files.

## Translation follow-up

- The CLI run in this rebrand refreshed **`locales/en-US`** automatically. Non-English locales require native reviewer updates—create follow-up translation requests after running `bun run docs:i18n` so regional maintainers can regenerate content.
- Track outstanding placeholder phrases using the `docs/development/brand-assets.md` inventory to keep design and localization teams aligned.

Commit message:

:memo: document Hermes Labs scope migration updates

docs/development/rebranding.md, after:

# Hermes Chat Rebranding Toolkit

The Hermes Chat automation suite standardizes how we migrate codebases from the
legacy **Hermes Chat / Hermes Labs** branding to modern Hermes-first language. The
workflow is intentionally repeatable so enterprise operators can roll forward or
roll back rebrands without manually touching thousands of strings.

> \[!IMPORTANT] Hermes Labs Scope Migration
>
> - **Effective date:** 2025-03-31 – rebranding automation now rewrites every package reference to the enterprise `@hermeslabs/*` scope.
> - **Compatibility window:** Legacy `@lobechat/*` and `@lobehub/*` packages publish deprecation shims until 2025-09-30 so CI pipelines and downstream SDKs have two quarterly release cycles to upgrade without downtime.
> - **Rollback path:** Follow the [Rollback strategy](#rollback-strategy) section for a scripted revert, including guidance on restoring historical scopes in less than five minutes.
> - **Breaking-change watch-outs:** Node.js resolutions that pin to exact `@lobechat/*` versions must be updated manually; mismatch will surface as install failures once the compatibility window closes.

## Overview

- **TypeScript CLI** – `scripts/rebrandHermesChat.ts` performs the actual
  replacements using a strongly typed, fully documented mapping catalog.
- **Shell wrapper** – `scripts/rebrand_hermes_chat.sh` injects canonical Hermes
  metadata and exposes a safe operator interface (dry-run support, forwarding
  extra flags, etc.).
- **Tests** – `tests/scripts/rebrandHermesChat.test.ts` provisions sandbox
  workspaces to ensure regression-free refactors before touching production
  repositories.

## Canonical constants

- Hermes Chat brand constants now live in `packages/const/src/branding.ts` and
  `packages/const/src/url.ts`. Any automation consuming historical Hermes Chat
  values must migrate to the Hermes equivalents before release promotion.
- The rebranding CLI now rewrites **kebab-case** (`lobe-chat` / `LOBE-CHAT`) and
  **snake_case** (`lobe_chat` / `LOBE_CHAT`) permutations so Docker services,
  Helm releases, and environment constants migrate without manual follow-up.
- Domain automation now also covers legacy `lobechat.com` (including
  `www.lobechat.com`) addresses so vanity links route through the new Hermes
  entrypoints without post-run edits.
- Raw asset download URLs rooted at
  `https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lobehub/lobe-chat` are rewritten to the
  Hermes CDN (falling back to the primary domain when no CDN is configured),
  preserving the branch/path suffix for deterministic migrations.
- The automation now standardizes both legacy scoped package imports (`@lobehub/*`
  and `@lobechat/*`) into the consolidated enterprise namespace
  (`@hermeslabs/*`) and bare social handles. Scoped imports adopt the sanitized
  organization slug (or fall back to the short product name when no org is
  supplied) so npm installs remain routable, while bare `@lobechat` mentions map
  to the product short name for human-readable marketing copy.

## Usage

### Quick start

Run the orchestrator from the repository root:

```bash
./scripts/rebrand_hermes_chat.sh --dry-run
```

The defaults ship Hermes Chat metadata and perform a dry run so you can review
logs without modifying files. Remove `--dry-run` once you are confident in the
output.

### Customizing metadata

All brand attributes can be overridden through environment variables or by
passing additional flags after `--`:

```bash
BRAND_NAME="Hermes Chat X" BRAND_DOMAIN="hermesx.chat" \
  ./scripts/rebrand_hermes_chat.sh -- \
  --metadata-file path/to/brand.json
```

The JSON schema matches the `BrandMetadata` interface inside the TypeScript CLI.
Only provide keys you want to override; unspecified values inherit the Hermes
baseline.

### Direct CLI invocation

Advanced operators can bypass the shell wrapper entirely:

```bash
bunx tsx scripts/rebrandHermesChat.ts \
  --workspace /tmp/project \
  --brand-name "Hermes Chat" \
  --brand-domain hermes.chat \
  --support-email support@hermes.chat \
  --support-url https://hermes.chat/support \
  --contact-email hello@hermes.chat \
  --asset-logo /assets/hermes-chat/logo.svg \
  --asset-favicon /assets/hermes-chat/favicon.svg \
  --asset-wordmark /assets/hermes-chat/wordmark.svg
```

### Logging and monitoring

- Every run prints a per-rule replacement breakdown to make auditing trivial.
- Dry runs emit a conspicuous warning reminding operators that no files were
  written.
- Verbose logs can be enabled by forwarding `-- --verbose` via the shell
  wrapper.

## Safeguards

1. **Dry-run default** – Always preview changes before mutating a customer
   repository.
2. **Binary detection** – The CLI ignores binary files and non-text extensions
   to avoid corrupting assets.
3. **Scoped globbing** – Vendor directories (`node_modules`, build outputs, etc.)
   are skipped to reduce runtime and risk.
4. **Strong typing** – The rebranding matrix is encoded with explicit interfaces
   and explanatory comments for long-term maintainability.

## Rollback strategy

If a run produces undesirable results:

1. Use `git status` to inspect modified files.
2. Revert selectively with `git checkout -- <file>` or globally with `git
reset --hard HEAD` if you have no other local work.
3. Rerun the script with corrected metadata (dry run first) to validate the
   fix.
4. Commit only after integration tests (`bunx vitest ...`) succeed.

## Testing checklist

Before merging or promoting to staging, execute:

```bash
bunx vitest run --silent='passed-only' 'tests/scripts/rebrandHermesChat.test.ts'
```

This ensures the automation continues to cover key text-based assets such as
constants, docs, and locale files.

## Translation follow-up

- The CLI run in this rebrand refreshed **`locales/en-US`** automatically. Non-English locales require native reviewer updates—create follow-up translation requests after running `bun run docs:i18n` so regional maintainers can regenerate content.
- Track outstanding placeholder phrases using the `docs/development/brand-assets.md` inventory to keep design and localization teams aligned.
