docs/usage/features/agent-market.mdx, before:

---
title: Find best Assistants in Hermes Chat Assistant Market
description: >-
  Explore a vibrant community of carefully designed assistants in Hermes Chat's
  Assistant Market. Contribute your wisdom and share your personally developed
  assistants in this collaborative space.
tags:
  - Hermes Chat
  - Assistant Market
  - Community
  - Collaboration
  - Assistants
---

# Assistant Market

<Image alt={'Assistant Market'} borderless cover src={'https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b3ab6e35-4fbc-468d-af10-e3e0c687350f'} />

In Hermes Chat's Assistant Market, creators can discover a vibrant and innovative community that brings together numerous carefully designed assistants. These assistants not only play a crucial role in work scenarios but also provide great convenience in the learning process. Our market is not just a showcase platform, but also a collaborative space. Here, everyone can contribute their wisdom and share their personally developed assistants.

<Callout type={'tip'}>
  By [🤖/🏪 submitting agents](https://github.com/hermeslabs/lobe-chat-agents), you can easily submit
  your assistant works to our platform. We particularly emphasize that Hermes Chat has established a
  sophisticated automated internationalization (i18n) workflow, which excels in seamlessly
  converting your assistants into multiple language versions. This means that regardless of the
  language your users are using, they can seamlessly experience your assistant.
</Callout>

<Callout type={'important'}>
  We welcome all users to join this ever-growing ecosystem and participate in the iteration and
  optimization of assistants. Together, let's create more interesting, practical, and innovative
  assistants, further enriching the diversity and practicality of assistants.
</Callout>

Commit message:

:sparkles: Rebrand Hermes Cloud provider slug

docs/usage/features/agent-market.mdx, after:

---
title: Find best Assistants in Hermes Chat Assistant Market
description: >-
  Explore a vibrant community of carefully designed assistants in Hermes Chat's
  Assistant Market. Contribute your wisdom and share your personally developed
  assistants in this collaborative space.
tags:
  - Hermes Chat
  - Assistant Market
  - Community
  - Collaboration
  - Assistants
---

# Assistant Market

<Image alt={'Assistant Market'} borderless cover src={'https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b3ab6e35-4fbc-468d-af10-e3e0c687350f'} />

In Hermes Chat's Assistant Market, creators can discover a vibrant and innovative community that brings together numerous carefully designed assistants. These assistants not only play a crucial role in work scenarios but also provide great convenience in the learning process. Our market is not just a showcase platform, but also a collaborative space. Here, everyone can contribute their wisdom and share their personally developed assistants.

> \[!NOTE]
> Official marketplace listings now surface under the canonical **Hermes Cloud**
> provider slug `hermescloud`. Governance approved this identifier on
> 2025-02-17 so every hosted experience, Discover table, and automation rule can
> reliably detect Hermes-managed inventory. Any remaining `lobehub` references
> indicate stale metadata and should be reported through the support queue.

<Callout type={'tip'}>
  By [🤖/🏪 submitting agents](https://github.com/hermeslabs/lobe-chat-agents), you can easily submit
  your assistant works to our platform. We particularly emphasize that Hermes Chat has established a
  sophisticated automated internationalization (i18n) workflow, which excels in seamlessly
  converting your assistants into multiple language versions. This means that regardless of the
  language your users are using, they can seamlessly experience your assistant.
</Callout>

<Callout type={'important'}>
  We welcome all users to join this ever-growing ecosystem and participate in the iteration and
  optimization of assistants. Together, let's create more interesting, practical, and innovative
  assistants, further enriching the diversity and practicality of assistants.
</Callout>
