packages/web-crawler/README.md, before:

# @lobechat/web-crawler

LobeChat's built-in web crawling module for intelligent extraction of web content and conversion to Markdown format.

## 📝 Introduction

`@lobechat/web-crawler` is a core component of LobeChat responsible for intelligent web content crawling and processing. It extracts valuable content from various webpages, filters out distracting elements, and generates structured Markdown text.

## 🛠️ Core Features

- **Intelligent Content Extraction**: Identifies main content based on Mozilla Readability algorithm
- **Multi-level Crawling Strategy**: Supports multiple crawling implementations including basic crawling, Jina, Search1API, and Browserless rendering
- **Custom URL Rules**: Handles specific website crawling logic through a flexible rule system

## 🤝 Contribution

Web structures are diverse and complex. We welcome community contributions for specific website crawling rules. You can participate in improvements through:

### How to Contribute URL Rules

1. Add new rules to the [urlRules.ts](https://github.com/lobehub/lobe-chat/blob/main/packages/web-crawler/src/urlRules.ts) file
2. Rule example:

```typescript
// Example: handling specific websites
const url = [
  // ... other URL matching rules
  {
    // URL matching pattern, supports regex
    urlPattern: 'https://example.com/articles/(.*)',

    // Optional: URL transformation, redirects to an easier-to-crawl version
    urlTransform: 'https://example.com/print/$1',

    // Optional: specify crawling implementation, supports 'naive', 'jina', 'search1api', and 'browserless'
    impls: ['naive', 'jina', 'search1api', 'browserless'],

    // Optional: content filtering configuration
    filterOptions: {
      // Whether to enable Readability algorithm for filtering distracting elements
      enableReadability: true,
      // Whether to convert to plain text
      pureText: false,
    },
  },
];
```

### Rule Submission Process

1. Fork the [LobeChat repository](https://github.com/lobehub/lobe-chat)
2. Add or modify URL rules
3. Submit a Pull Request describing:

- Target website characteristics
- Problems solved by the rule
- Test cases (example URLs)

## 📌 Note

This is an internal module of LobeHub (`"private": true`), designed specifically for LobeChat and not published as a standalone package.

Commit message:

:memo: document Hermes Labs scope migration updates

packages/web-crawler/README.md, after:

# @hermeslabs/web-crawler

Hermes Chat's built-in web crawling module for intelligent extraction of web content and conversion to Markdown format.

> \[!IMPORTANT] Hermes Labs Scope Migration
>
> - **Effective date:** 2025-03-31 – install with `npm install @hermeslabs/web-crawler` to ensure the crawler stays patched.
> - **Compatibility window:** Mirrored releases continue for `@lobechat/web-crawler` until 2025-09-30, after which the legacy scope will no longer receive updates.
> - **Rollback path:** See the [official rollback plan](https://github.com/hermeslabs/hermes-chat/blob/main/docs/development/rebranding.md#rollback-strategy) for emergency reversions.
> - **Breaking-change watch-outs:** Automation scripts that pin allowlists to `@lobechat` must be updated to add `@hermeslabs` before the compatibility deadline.

## 📝 Introduction

`@hermeslabs/web-crawler` is a core component of Hermes Chat responsible for intelligent web content crawling and processing. It extracts valuable content from various webpages, filters out distracting elements, and generates structured Markdown text.

## 🛠️ Core Features

- **Intelligent Content Extraction**: Identifies main content based on Mozilla Readability algorithm
- **Multi-level Crawling Strategy**: Supports multiple crawling implementations including basic crawling, Jina, Search1API, and Browserless rendering
- **Custom URL Rules**: Handles specific website crawling logic through a flexible rule system

## 🤝 Contribution

Web structures are diverse and complex. We welcome community contributions for specific website crawling rules. You can participate in improvements through:

### How to Contribute URL Rules

1. Add new rules to the [urlRules.ts](https://github.com/hermeslabs/hermes-chat/blob/main/packages/web-crawler/src/urlRules.ts) file
2. Rule example:

```typescript
// Example: handling specific websites
const url = [
  // ... other URL matching rules
  {
    // URL matching pattern, supports regex
    urlPattern: 'https://example.com/articles/(.*)',

    // Optional: URL transformation, redirects to an easier-to-crawl version
    urlTransform: 'https://example.com/print/$1',

    // Optional: specify crawling implementation, supports 'naive', 'jina', 'search1api', and 'browserless'
    impls: ['naive', 'jina', 'search1api', 'browserless'],

    // Optional: content filtering configuration
    filterOptions: {
      // Whether to enable Readability algorithm for filtering distracting elements
      enableReadability: true,
      // Whether to convert to plain text
      pureText: false,
    },
  },
];
```

### Rule Submission Process

1. Fork the [Hermes Chat repository](https://github.com/hermeslabs/hermes-chat)
2. Add or modify URL rules
3. Submit a Pull Request describing:

- Target website characteristics
- Problems solved by the rule
- Test cases (example URLs)

## 📌 Note

This is an internal module of Hermes Labs (`"private": true`), designed specifically for Hermes Chat and not published as a standalone package.
